Welcome to Formula One! Where the best teams drive to be the best!

Here's how our new feature works:

## Divisions
Every month there will be a divison running, this works similar to a season. A division lasts for 1 month and has 1 race every 4 days. Each division is made up of 6 teams, with each team receiving a reward based on their placement.

## Team Creation
We have made it so users can make their own formula one teams, a team will cost you 50,000 Points to create, you will then have to choose your car, your driver & your sponsor. You will also be able to upgrade your car.

## Car Selection
Once you have chosen your team name, you will then choose which car you want to use. Each car has the same base stats and will determine your teams colour. Cars are in a pool format so no two teams can have the same car.

## Driver Selection
After you have chosen your car, it's then time to hire your driver. Each driver has varying boots to your cars performance (Top Speed & Handling). The better the driver the more expensive they will be. Each Driver requires a salary which is paid to them every race, and they also take a % of sponsorships. Each Driver has a set contract term, once their contract is up they will become a free agent and other teams can sign them. Drivers work the same way as cars in terms of there is a pool. Only 1 team can have 1 driver.

## Sponsor Selection
Sponsors enable you and your team to earn vast amounts of rewards for competing and further upgrading your car. As is with Drivers & Cars, sponsors are all pooled. Sponsors have minimum expectations, say for example if your sponsor has a minimum finish of 3rd place. This means you have to finish 3rd place or higher to keep the sponsorship. Failure to do so will result in your sponsor cutting you. As with drivers sponsors also have contract lengths. Sponsors give you a guaranteed amount of points per race (as long as you meet their minimum expectations), and a win bonus if you win the race.

## Upgrades
Upgrading your car is cruical, you have to find the right balance between top speed and handling, each upgrade will have an effect on both, some increasing top speed but reducing handling and so on. You can only have a maximum of 10 upgrades fitted to your car. After each completed race you can then upgrade your car 1 more time. I.e if one race has been completed you can have a total of 11 upgrades, etc etc.

## Race Days!
Racing is what F1 is all about, every 4 days there will be a live race that is streamed for the entire game to watch. During the race there can be things like crashes, overtakes etc. There are over 5 different tracks that make up the F1 Calendar, each one favouring either top speed or handling, or a balance. Meaning that on certain occasions your car may not be suited for a particular track. The finishing positions of each car is determined by their top speed,handling, driver skill. If you have low handling you will have more chance of crashing, but having too little top speed will cause you to finish lower down the order too!

At the end of each race day there will be winnings given to cars that finish the race, and division points given out.

## Tracks
As we mentioned earlier, there is 5 tracks in the game. These tracks rotate during the F1 Division. 4 of the tracks are state owned, meaning each state willl own 1 of the race tracks. Every time a race is held at that particular track, the state will receive income from "ticket" sales. States can upgrade their facilities to increase revenue etc.

## Betting ** COMING SOON
To incoporate other avenues of making money in this feature, every time a race is scheduled there will automatically be an event added to the betting shop, with odds for each team. Once the event is created there will be no further modifications allowed to each car, meaning the odds wont change. Odds will be based on a number of factors such as car performance, history, leaderboard standings and so on.

## Divisions
F1 also introduces something called Divisions, this is essentially a 1 month competition that makes up the F1 calendar, with 1 race every 4 days. At the end of each race your team is awarded with a number of points depending on where you finished, at the end of the division rewards are paid out to the teams. For the first division we have limited the number of teams to 9. We have the capability to add more divisions in the future as well as promotion/relegation.

## F1 Crossovers
With F1 being a very large feature, we have also introduced certain crossovers with other features in the game, for example if you shoot someone who owns an F1 team, you will then take over that team. Teams can also be sold on quicktrade.
